That's right.
Thank you for saving my grandfather
This is for you.
Fill in the amount at will.
No need to lift your hand
that
Could I buy you a meal?
You really don't have to be so polite, Mr. Dead
If there is no indication at all
My grandpa will blame me
Okay then. Hmm.
Forgot your seat belt, thank you.
Yanyan
Today, Dad saw you with Fourth Young Master
Do you know each other?
What's it to you?
Just tell Dad the truth
Did the Fourth Young Master take a fancy to you?
Pursuit of you
Oh, actually.
Can this fly to the branches to defend?
And that's a good thing.
But what?
At least your mother's family, you have to be able to do it, right?
What do you mean?
Your biological parents are in the country
Forget about parents.
It's just a joke
Mom and Dad thought you were supportive
Prepare a dowry for you
Let you marry happily, right?